<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<article version="5.0" xmlns="http://docbook.org/ns/docbook" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude">
	<section>
		<informaltable frame='all'>
			<tgroup cols='2' align='left'>
				<colspec colwidth="1*"/>
				<colspec colwidth="4*"/>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>CV</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/46247363/cv/johnlreyes.pdf</entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</informaltable>
	</section>
	<section>
		<title>Personal Information</title>
		<informaltable frame='all'>
			<tgroup cols='2' align='left'>
				<colspec colwidth="1*"/>
				<colspec colwidth="4*"/>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>Name</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>John Reyes</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>Mobile</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>+63 9157129948</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>Home</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>+63 32 4172009</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>Location</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>Cebu City Philippines</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>Email</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>JohnLReyes@yahoo.com</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>Linkedin</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>http://ph.linkedin.com/in/johnlreyes</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>Github</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>https://github.com/johnlreyes</entry>
					</row>					
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</informaltable> 
	</section>
	<section>
		<title>Education</title>
		<informaltable frame='all'>
			<tgroup cols='2' align='left'>
				<colspec colwidth="1*"/>
				<colspec colwidth="4*"/>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>1995-2000</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>BS in Computer Engineering, University of Cebu, Cebu Philippines</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/46247363/credentials/wes.jpg</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>2002</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>Association of Japanese Overseas Training Service, Japan</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/46247363/credentials/aots.jpg</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>2009</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>SCJP 6, Cebu Philippines</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/46247363/credentials/SunCertification.jpg</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>2014</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>IBM IT Specialist Certified, Cebu Philippines</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/46247363/credentials/it_specialist.png</entry>
					</row>					
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</informaltable> 
	</section>
	<section>
		<title font-size="10pt">Experience</title>
		<informaltable frame='all'>
			<tgroup cols='2' align='left'>
				<colspec colwidth="1*"/>
				<colspec colwidth="4*"/>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>05/11-present</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>Senior IT Specialist, IBM GDC Cebu.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>Development with various Content Management System platforms and other Java projects. Cloudant technical lead to multiple projects. Using J2EE, RAD, WAS, CVS, AIX, DB2, Couchdb/Cloudant, Couchapp, WCM, XSLT, SOAP, REST, Firefox plugin, Chrome extension</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>07/11-07/14</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>Developer, Part-time freelance, TeamExtension.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>Java based Web Application development (http://www.mapcentrix.com/, http://www.zaahah.com/, http://pushmon.com/), firefox plugin development (https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/memory-restart/) and blogs (http://blog.teamextension.com/author/jreyes). Using Maven, Spring (MVC, Data, Security, JDBC template), JPA, GIT, PosgreSQL, MySQL, Liquibase, Lucene, JQuery, Thymeleaf, Freemarker, Jasper report, Google Map api v3, Google Map clusterer</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>02/09-05/11</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>Senior Consultant, Smartware/CSAM health.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>Java based Web Application development of Health/Hospital systems. Overhaul of project build system to continous build with automated static code anaylys and automated testing. Introduced automated testing with the QA team. Using Maven, ANT, Hudson, J2EE, JPA, AspectJ, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Netbeans, Weblogic 11g, Oracle DB, Sonar, STIQ/Selenium, Virtual box, Oracle Enterprise Linux, Oracle SOA Suites, Liquibase, SVN, YSlow, PageSpeed, Quest SQL, HTMLCompressor, Nexus/Artifactory</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>06/07-01/09</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>Consultant II, RCG Information Technologies.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>Development of Java based Web Applications with US clients. Using MyEclipse, Eclipse/WSAD, Spring (MVC, WebFlow, Acegi, Jasper), JBoss, JavaMail, JAXB, MySQL, Hibernate, YUI,  Prototype, JSP-TagFiles, Jasper Reports, Jakarta POI, Itext, Hudson, YSlow, Selenium-IDE, Selenium-RC, JConsole, JMeter, SVN</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>10/06-04/07</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>Senior Resource, QuantSys Software Corporation.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>Officer in charge with cebu office. Project manager with a foreclosure php web application. Lead developer with a sip based java project. Using Eclipse, JBoss, Mobicents, MySQL, PosgreSQL, SVN, Linux, PHP5, Paypal integration</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>03/05-10/06</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>Developer, Geeks Computer Services.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>Development of various java based web application projects. Using Eclipse, Tomcat, MySQL, CVS</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>03/04-03/05</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>Developer, Freelance.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>Development of various java based utility applications. Using Eclipse,  Tomcat, Jakarta libraries, JAMES, Derby, Linux, MySQL, PosgreSQL, HTTPClient, CVS</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>11/00-03/04</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>Software Design Engineer, NEC Telecom Software Philippines.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>Development of J2EE based application to manage Telecom hardware. Using J2EE, Java applet, JMS, Jbuilder IDE, Borland AppServer, JavaText Editor, Eclipse, JONAS, OPENORB, JProbe Suite, JBoss, PosgreSQL, MySQL, Solaris, Linux, RougeWave libraries</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry><emphasis>06/97-03/00</emphasis></entry>
						<entry>College on the job trainee, Microserv Computer Center.</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry></entry>
						<entry>Development of a health clinic billing system, beverage distribution inventory system, software and hardware based internet cafe management system. Using MS Access, visual basic, electric switch</entry>
					</row>					
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</informaltable> 
	</section>
</article>
